added readme, license and contribute guidelines (#2)
cachethq/docs: README.md

<p align="center">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://cachethq.io/assets/cachet-logo-dark.svg">
      <img alt="Cachet Logo" src="https://cachethq.io/assets/cachet-logo-light.svg">
    </picture>
</p>

## Introduction

> This package provides the documentation to Cachet Core and is deployed to https://docs.cachethq.io/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the documentation for Cachet and is deployed to https://docs.cachethq.io/.
```

## Contributing to the documentation

> Please refer to our description on [CONTRIBUTE.md](CONTRIBUTE.md) for details on how to contribute to this project.

Reviewer: This link will need updating.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review our [security policy](https://github.com/cachethq/cachet/security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## License

> Cachet Core is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cachet Docs is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).
```

We'll also need the `LICENSE.md` file creating in this repository.

Author: I copied the LICENSE.md from the core repo
